Hotline League is brought to you by
opened by HP is it safer Zafar as if our
so far okay great voice yeah it's now
it's neither of the things that I said
were you calling from so far as fr from
Calgary Canada Calgary Canada okay
thought it was gonna I was expecting
another crazy place but it's just Canada
which is pretty whatever either way what
do you want to talk about in the show
it's night so far my my topic is Abbey
Matthias on fence since I started
watching a season three and I think that
without Reggie kind of stepping in and
helping the team out that they won't
make worlds to see they're okay I think
it's it's not like a correlation thing I
think it's a causation if the causation
can you elaborate looking so like it's
it's not just a coincidence that like
every season that like they've gone to
finals console worlds like Reggie's kind
of being involved you know at some point
or another I'd it's not just like he was
there and it happens ago I don't think
just happen it is just correlation I
think it's look there's a effect that he
had and this is a far do you think like
I don't know what the the current fan
sentiment is amongst the ascent fans but
for a while the pendulum was like man
Reggie steps on everyone toes
every time he comes in to help as it has
it swung back the other way where it's
like goddamn we need Reggie or like
where do you think the more general
opinion is I mean I I don't like follow
social media too much and stuff like
that so I don't know what other people
17 is I kind of was on both sides like I
could see how like it could be an issue
where you know you have a coach and you
just comes in and stuffs on their toes
and just like takes over and not
emasculates but like you know just it's
clear they're all working and he kind of
just takes over and that doesn't look
good for the coach and like is not an
effective long-term solution like the I
think if it's I don't know if it's
personalities fit for that but if
there's more of a relationship with a
coach and they're working together that
is a better thing so I think it's
helpful these there
as long as he's not just taking over and
kind of on the other coaches I
am I'm very interested in this because
so many people as Mark said like people
swing back and forth on this it's like
either Reggie is like he needs to get
out of the way and like they look at his
involvement in some like TSM legends
episode and they're like why is he
talking to them that way but it is kind
of true that it feels like th it does
feel like Reggie is potentially by the
way he's at LCS like I think every every
week and I see him all the time he comes
up to me and asks me to put my credit
card down for his bird because his
credit card isn't working for the bird
scooter but it is interesting because it
does feel like he's more detached and I
wonder about it it's funny this is the
first time like TSM has been kind of
whatever the split and I feel like this
is our first TSM color we've had this
entire split mark am I wrong in that no
I think we were talking about it riot
like next week is c9 TSM and like I
don't know if anyone that people have
ever cared less about that yes mm yeah
yeah yeah definitely do you think TSM
like you scrim them you see a lot more
or I assume you shouldn't what scare
them I should just say you do uh-huh
if you scream that em do you feel like
they're playing like not good enough to
make it to Worlds like are they better
in scrims than they are on stage like
what's your read on yes I was level
well we haven't scrim them that much
since they're like pretty elitist with
their screams but the time wait hang on
there let's pause you can't complete it
or the hair Elite us with their screams
yes more or less but so you think
they're who do they do you think they
like it's like the teamliquid and the
promise who can be elitist in this
environment who are the good teams
honestly I'm not sure but what I was
saying was okay sure let's move on I
think Jess sometimes a team is a really
strong team like their players are all
really individually good and like when
we play against them it's really hard to
like make plays against them rather than
like other teams so I don't really know
what's going on
I thought I definitely think there like
one of the best teams in our agent
though but I think that's the thing is
that it's like they are really good and
like everyone's
I think there's a an invent
interview with beard where he said that
he makes or has someone was talking
about be another mid laners saying that
he's hard to fight against because he
doesn't make mistakes and he was into
the opportunities but they're not being
proactive like I think Kelsey Moser
talked about every time over the years
TSM alts focuses on getting blue buff
and I think that's like a Reggie thing
like he wants them to be aggressive he
wants them to invade blue and do these
these two fundamental basic things so
progress the game and be aggressive like
I think on the last episode of see some
legends at the end of it part was
telling them that uh that they're just
talking about things that can do and
that no one says all right well let's do
it and then they just don't do anything
and just talk about what they can do the
whole time and so I think that step of
just being aggressive and going in and
making calls like double was good at
that is one less than because of of the
players that can attract and the skill
of all those players have to get to
worlds and then past that I thought on
the garage you can help which is why
like those fundamentals don't matter
anymore two worlds level which is why
they they don't progress but I think to
even get to Worlds you need that step is
sorry I'm just kind of I've been
thinking about this while you were
suggesting that because it's easy to say
well Reggie is not here that's the
problem right but is there like Mark do
you think there's a potential because I
think year-over-year Soren
had like the gap has closed between
other mid laners and Soren and and I
wonder if that's not the case across the
list the league were
TSM it's just not as dominant as they
were before because the rest of League
is kind of caught up to them I mean if
you look at season four arguably the top
four mid laners were jrg Xiao Wei Jiao
link and then voy voy or shifter and
like pobelter was like seventh around
that time what was get them a lot better
since then but like yeah I think it's
very fair to say that like Febby p OE
jensen and like the other guys who have
like moved into the scene have really
closed the gap that like old-old beerus
and used to like destroy kids like it's
just not it's not that skill of
difference anymore
and I think I don't think it's just
Reggie I think if you look at how G to
go TSM's volleying played on g2 they
were like not to playmakers it was more
like perks since trick and stuff and
then like Mike Young was supposed to be
the aggressive guy that didn't work out
beer eggs always been a more like
efficiency focused player he's not
Mickey right like he's definitely not
like running around forcing all the
time and so like you're left with like
who is the guy on that team that like is
a natural like fighter and scrapper and
like I want to do things again I think I
think that's more the problem than
Reggie yeah I don't that's that's what
the reason I say this to our dear caller
whose name I'm bringing up right now as
if our is not far until I say right yeah
yeah it's fine it doesn't matter but
that implies I'm not saying it right i
okay thank God I like the reason I bring
up this other thing isn't to kind of
on TSM or say that it's more like I
just don't know if Reggie can solve
their problems anymore right like in the
past they have had these very dominant
players and that were like way above the
rest of of the league and in a lot of
cases they don't have that anymore and I
don't know if Andy's going to change it
and that doesn't mean that they don't
have best-in-class players on every role
but it does mean that like there are
probably some other teams that have
pretty goddamn good players in there
especially like looking at Equifax hooni
was really good until mark and SCARA
said he was number one in the league and
now he's not so I mean I'm not sure if
there's any correlation there but my
point is is like it does seem like
there's a lot of other contenders now
for best in class rosters definitely
should we never rate you high just make
sure it never happens I'd like it if you
guys could rate me hi hi I saw your
drunk stream where did they write to us
you know actually I I checked it today I
think I was at 81 point six seven or
something like that that's yeah I'm a
role player according to the really
check that did you check that after
hunter asked you to come on the show
were you like let me remember what Mark
was saying about me again ammunition so
yeah hopefully by next play I'll be in
the 90s or something like that
no no well it's the joy of every pro
player to try to climb up higher and
mark and scars drunken rambling or we're
losing her face by the way mark so I was
looking up the ratings yeah yeah that
was probably a little low okay so I
don't know so far do you feel like that
could be the case that is it is it it's
still in your mind is it Reggie's got a
pop in or else we're doomed or is it is
it I think it's just that the team needs
to figure out stuff more holistically I
don't think it's time for Andy to save
the day I do agree that like obviously
the gap between players is closed more
so especially in the mid lane but I
think he could help I even if they don't
have aggressive players I think been
pushing them to do those things and be
more aggressive I think that he really
did have an impact in previous seasons
but it might not just be able to know
one one fixed solution with Jesus I'm
coming in yeah we're good well hey thank
you so much as afar for the call yeah I
appreciate the shout out CEO of HP hey
there we go thanks man
I got rid of them it's kind of a bit
like I mess it up more than their
callers to you yeah well it's just
that's the value you bring to the show
Darth Lombino reserved Brent brundin